here
you'll need a good hi guys so today's
video is going to be a DIY room decor
video because as you guys have probably
noticed I'm in a different room so I did
move to LA for those of you guys who
didn't know I've lived here but for days
now I think and I have spent all of
those days working on my room so that I
could show you guys what it looks like
and I did DIY a couple of things and
some of them are kind of inspired by
Tumblr and Pinterest and just like cute
little websites like that and all of
them are really really easy DIYs and
they're pretty creative so I think you
guys will like them and I'm going to be
doing an official room tour probably in
like a week or two so thumbs up if you
guys like to see that and also give this
video a thumbs up if you guys want to
see an apartment tour it is so hot in
here there's not a fan in my room that's
the only thing I don't like is there's
not a ceiling fan but I bought one from
Target and it's over there I you guys
like this video
I'm so excited with how my room what
turned out if I haven't already said
that I love it I'm obsessed with it and
I think you guys are going to like it to
it so thumbs up if you liked it comment
down below and tell me what you think
and let's go ahead and get started so
the first thing I'm going to do I is a
photo and light wall and these are all
over tumblr and I've wanted one in my
room or so long so I'm taking some of my
favorite photos and some of this putty
that I got from Target and I just took a
little piece divided it in half and
stuck two little dots on the top and the
bottom of my photos and then I'm just
hanging them on
a wall not really in a a particular
pattern but I kind of just hung them up
until I liked how it looked so
encaptured got me round up next I'm
going to add the lights and I just got
these lights from Target and it's a
strand of ten lights I'm going to use
command damage free hanging strips to
hang them so to use these you take off
the black side of the sticker stick it
on the wall and you take off the blue
side and you just add a little hook that
it comes with and then you can just
stick whatever you're trying to hang on
it so I just put my lights up
even those and this is my finished
product so I put these over my desk and
it's so fun it's you have all my
favorite memories hung up in front of me
so that if I'm working on a video or
something or sitting at my desk then I
can see all of these and it's so cute
next thing I a DIY it was these mirrors
to put over my dressers so I bought
three of these five-dollar mirrors from
Target and the flames on them were black
did I just say flames because I meant
frames but I painted them with gold
spray paint and spray paint is such a
great way to completely change the look
of something without having to actually
like buy something else
so I spray-painted these mirrors gold I
stuck them on top of my dresser and I
also a spray painted those love letters
that I had from my old room so instead
of buying new ones
I just spray painted them gold and added
them to the top of my dresser then I
added a couple of other things and I
think it looks so cute with the gold and
it spray paint was just a great easy way
to make them look a lot more cute than
if they were black
you
I also a DIY - some baskets so I got
some of these from the Container Store
and then I'm going to be covering them
with fabric and since fabric can be a
little bit expensive I'm only covering
the front of them and I'm just going to
be cutting up the fabric into squares to
fit my baskets and I'm going to make
sure they're the right size and then I
glue them on with some e6000 glue so I
just put this glue going all around the
edges of my basket and I stuck the
fabric on and I also glued down the
edges of the fabric to the basket just
to try and make it as secure as possible
no
so once I finished my basket then I just
put my stuff in them so I had one for
electronics I also put a lot of clothes
in them so I'm kind of using this as my
dresser and it's nice because I don't
have to make my clothes be folded or
anything and you can't even tell but I
love this and I think it turned out so
cute it's probably my favorite part of
my room because I love all the patterns
and the colors there's not much
sometimes the silence got the mind to
move to a place so far away next I am
making a ribbon wall so I got a bunch of
black ribbon and some of these Scotch
mounting squares and I'm going to be
putting these on my white wall so I just
put a little square on the back of each
ribbon and then I just stuck it to my
wall and I actually put the squares
going all across the ribbon so that it
would be a more secure and if you're
going to do this you are going to need
some help
probably because you're going to need
either a level or a measuring tape or
something to make sure that your ribbon
is straight and I had this decal in the
middle of my wall so I just kind of went
around it and it was a super easy way to
spice up the wall without using any wall
paper or anything and I also had some
extra ribbon so I just tied it around my
lamps and I had some extra fabric for my
baskets so I decided to make a pillow
case because I had a plain pillow on my
bed and I thought that it would be fun
to have one with this fabric so I just
hot glued the fabrics together inside
out and then flipped it around the right
way and shove the pillow inside and
stuck it on my bed
oh boy
so that is my DIY room decor video I
hope you guys enjoyed don't forget to
thumbs it up if you did and also thumbs
up if you guys would like to see an
apartment tour and a room tour and also
follow me on Twitter and Instagram the
links will be it down below um you know
what you guys think of everything that I
did I think that's it so I'll see you
guys in my next video bye